Indexing via discrimination tree (#205)
LPCIC/elpi: CHANGES.md

Library:
  - New `std.fold-right`

>   - New clause retrieval through discrimination tree where the index of all the
>     parameters are set to `0` but one: the argument of which the search is done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New clause retrieval through discrimination tree. This new index is enabled
    whenever the `:index` directive selects only one argument  with a depth `> 1`.
```
